4 members came to the studio to see Choerry's photo shoot
Kim Lip: Here are two losers of today!
Kim Lip: Ah, there are four losers
HaSeul: We both are the real losers of today!
YeoJin: You know? I'm a webfoot octopus!
(Loser and webfoot octopus have similar pronunciations in Korean)
JinSoul: Oh.. It's no fun at all...
YeoJin: No fun no fun no fun~
HaSeul: Nowadays the web-drama 'firstlovestory' me and YeoJin appeared in has...
YeoJin: Yes, the drama has such a positive response more than we expected
'How do you think about HaSeul's acting?"
Kim Lip: HaSeul's acting?
Kim Lip: It's good~
Kim Lip: Her acting is very realistic!
Kim Lip: I like the scene
Kim Lip: That you said to him like... 'Ok, you should leave right now! Bye~!!'
(Her natural acitng was standing out in this scene)
No wonder I wanted to go apologize so much!
You should leave right now
(Her natural acitng was standing out in this scene)
I don't think you should come here any more
Thanks
(Her natural acitng was standing out in this scene)
Don't come. Good-bye!
HaSeul: You know? That part was full of ad libs.
Kim Lip: At first, seeing their acting was little awkward but...
JinSoul: YeoJin's acting seems like just real YeoJin.
(YeoJin, such a good method actor...)
YeoJin: Hey HaSeul! HanSol is out the door!
Kim Lip: When I played the drama, I was like..
Kim Lip: Ah.. It's too loud...
YeoJin: Am I too loud?
'Yes...'
YeoJin: Hello?
YeoJin: Alright, I'll be there in seconds
HaSeul: Hey, that person wants you to come now?
HaSeul: Wants you to come there?
YeoJin: Oh, yeah.
HaSeul: Okay, you should leave right now~ You can go~
JinSoul: Bye!